chore: add authentication to docker container (#22)
Adhara-Tech/itrunner: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.1.5] - 2023-02-27

### Added

> - Injection of container registry credentials. They are included as an optional parameter in `ContainerRunConfig` struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Injection of container registry credentials. They are included as an optional parameter `dockerauth` in `container` [dependency config](https://github.com/Adhara-Tech/itrunner#dependencies-configuration) section.
```
